Update contributing md (#59)
inbo/protocolsource: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Related Issue

> `{=html} <!--- if this closes an issue make sure include e.g., "closes #4" or similar - or if just relates to an issue make sure to mention it like "#4" -->`

Reviewer: Eh, I'm not sure what this looks like when adding a PR, I never used these templates.  If this note is visible as written here when opening a PR and not shown after submitting, what I suppose it would do, it is fine for me.

(Personally I favor the use of `fixes #x` and dislike `closes` or maintainers that close issues before the solution is merged to the main branch, certainly from the viewpoint of a package user that encounters a problem and finds a similar issue closed already.  But this is personal and out of question here.  ;-) )

## Task list

`{=html} <!--see https://docs.github.com/en/github/managing-your-work-on-github/about-task-lists for an explanation on how to use task lists-->`

> 

Reviewer: He might just have switched to Visual mode, which causes the html to be added?  I'll accept (ignore my other comment), and @hansvancalster can address this afterwards.

> 

Reviewer 2: Huh, let's pray it's not VME mode doing this, but perhaps that's the cause indeed :confounded:.

> 

Reviewer: Yes, VME does put R comments into a html chunk (= the initial situation).  Why @hansvancalster only removed the double backticks and not the whole chunk around the comment, is also unclear to me.  Maybe some styling utility did it?

Steps by contributor:

-   [ ] Add description to this pull request (under "## Description")

> -   [ ] Submit the pull request by clicking 'create pull request'
> -   [ ] Mark the pull request as draft

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [ ] Open the dropdown (triangle) near 'create pull request' and choose 'Create draft pull request'
```

> -   [ ] Mark the pull request as draft

Reviewer: To be honest, I never tried this before, so I checked it right now, and I see no option to convert a PR to draft before clicking 'create pull request'.  I suppose this option only appears after the PR is created?

> -   [ ] Mark the pull request as draft

Reviewer 2: I've rechecked; it can be done in a dropdown:

![afbeelding](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19164640/183054117-d046129b-635e-4394-b526-4570e3b00f1a.png)

Of course both approaches are valid, I just like this one more :yum:

> -   [ ] Mark the pull request as draft

Reviewer 2: I suppose many people don't know this indeed. Anyway your suggestion to collapse them in one item that (just shortly) refers the 2 possibilities, is very reasonable; feel free to add that :+1:.
